The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Thigh high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
In that instant, everything changed.
Two seats were vacant.
Sixty Four comes asking for bread.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well known.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the two day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.